Yes
This appraisal report
I stumbled across it today
The real daughter of the Lu family
It's this little girl in the photo
My name is Mo Yuan Luo Yuan
But your previous appraisal report didn't say
Is Xia Wanzhen my granddaughter?
I didn't believe it at first either.
Until I went back and checked the hospital surveillance
I just found out that it was the doctor in charge of drawing blood
Mixed up the test samples of the two people
No. 0417, the appointment came in to draw blood
Where did the mountain girl dare to collide with this lady?
It turned out that our guess was correct
Our sister is really Luo Yuan
As far as I know
Miss Luo Yuan has been having a hard time these days
Sorry, it's my fault.
I am willing to refund the full amount charged.
My granddaughter.
Where are you now?
He was at my dessert shop today
He was seriously injured today
Nowhere to go
I took him in.
Go
Bring him back to the Lu family immediately
Hey, Master Liu can't
There is a sudden rainstorm outside.
Can't go out
But we'll meet again at dawn and the rain stops.